Greetings, Eldest Miss
Could it be
She’s really the Eldest Miss of the Qín family?
How’s that possible?
If she really is
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family
Then why was she initially
Starting from nothing with Fù Jiā Hào?
Perhaps
Because I was foolish
What?
Haven’t you all heard
That the Qín family has an adopted son
But never heard
That the Qín family also has an Eldest Miss
Named Qín Ruò Yǔ?
Eldest Miss Qín
I was blind and failed to recognize Mount Tài Shān
Please
Forgive the Wú family
Spare me
Fine
Thank you, thank you
Hold it
Young Master Qín
Any instructions?
There’s still one person
Who hasn’t knelt
Kneel now
This is the Eldest Miss of the Qín family
The life and death of every clan in Dōng Hǎi
Lies in her hands
If you don’t kneel
Don’t dream of stepping into the Wú family’s door
Miss Qín
I was blind and failed to recognize Mount Tài Shān
Please forgive me